🛡️ Cyber-Watchdog: Neural-Driven Kernel Sentinel
Cyber-Watchdog is an advanced, low-level system diagnostic framework engineered for autonomous kernel-stage monitoring. It operates at the Ring 0/Early User-Space interface, providing unprecedented visibility into the Linux boot sequence.
By strategically anchoring its background daemon immediately after Socket Units and prior to the D-Bus System Message Bus, Cyber-Watchdog functions as a "Pre-Systemic" arbiter. It captures transient faults, race conditions, and kernel telemetry at the exact moment of their activation.
🔬 Scientific & Technical Foundation

    Pre-DBus Runtime Orchestration: The background monitor utilizes a custom systemd unit with DefaultDependencies=no. This ensures it bypasses standard boot delays, allowing for the observation of the D-Bus daemon’s initialization and potential failures within the sysinit.target.
    Console-Based Neural Engine: In the current Alpha phase, the neural inference engine is accessed via a dedicated Console Interface. This allows for the deterministic processing of captured kernel buffers (kmsg) and system states directly through the terminal.
    Heuristic Pattern Recognition: The framework identifies deterministic precursors to system instability — such as memory exhaustion, driver deadlocks, and interrupt conflicts — that standard high-level logging tools often overlook.
    Zero-Dependency Runtime: Once deployed, the service is fully autonomous. It requires no network access or high-level IPC (Inter-Process Communication) to function during the critical boot stages.

📊 Boot Sequence Micro-Architecture
The Cyber-Watchdog daemon establishes a primary observation layer before the core IPC infrastructure:

    Stage 1: Core Initialization (local-fs.target, swap.target)
    Stage 2: Interface Preparation (sockets.target)
    ➡️ Stage 3: Cyber-Watchdog Daemon (System monitoring active)
    Stage 4: IPC Infrastructure (dbus.service / dbus.socket)
    Stage 5: High-Level Services (network.target, multi-user.target)

🛠️ Deployment & Usage
1. Installation
The framework requires local compilation to calibrate the engine against the host's specific CPU instruction sets (AVX-512, AMX, etc.) for maximum performance.
bash

chmod +x install.sh
sudo ./install.sh

Use code with caution.
2. Interaction
Access the monitoring tools and telemetry through the integrated console interface:
bash

# Launch the Cyber-Watchdog CLI
cyber-watchdog

Use code with caution.
⚠️ Alpha Research Status
This software is in an active research (Alpha) state. The background sentinel is fully automated, while the neural engine currently operates in Console Mode for precise diagnostics. Technical review for official Debian and Arch Linux (AUR) repository integration is pending.
